Fix slow InlineInlineable (#9245)
numba/numba: docs/upcoming_changes/9245.performance.rst

Improvement to IR copying speed
===============================

Improvements were made to the deepcopying of ``FunctionIR``. 

> In one case, ``InlineInlineable`` pass is 3x faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In one case, the ``InlineInlineables`` pass is 3x faster.
```
